[Email Security] Expand MX/Inline configuration deployment page (#23121)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/email-security/setup/pre-delivery-deployment/mx-inline-deployment.mdx

With pre-delivery deployment, also known as Inline deployment, Email Security evaluates email messages before they reach a user's inbox.

![Inline deployment diagram](~/assets/images/email-security/deployment/inline-setup/CF_A1S_Deployment_Inline_Diagrams.png)

Before you change your MX records, you will have to set up the [Time to Live (TTL)](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/ttl/) on your DNS records. If you do not set up the TTL, the DNS propagation will take longer to happen. 

> We suggest to decrease the TTL to five minutes (also known as [Auto](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/ttl/#proxied-records)) 3 to 5 days prior to the planned MX record change. Reducing the TTL allows the DNS record to propagate ahead of time, so changes take effect rapidly. Once you have completed your onboarding process, you can choose to increase the TTL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cloudflare recommends to decrease the TTL to five minutes (also known as [Auto](/dns/manage-dns-records/reference/ttl/#proxied-records)) 3 to 5 days prior to the planned MX record change. Reducing the TTL allows the DNS record to propagate ahead of time, so changes take effect rapidly. Once you have completed your onboarding process, you can choose to increase the TTL.
```

> Once you have configured your TTL, you can deploy Email Security via MX/Inline. An MX record is a [DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have configured your TTL, you can deploy Email Security via MX/Inline. An MX record is a [DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/). 
```
